Lawrence might have come to Spain to
offer the Brits something different but
so far all has given them his
pretentious novelty food I'm gonna give
him a taste of his own medicine
have a taste that smell first maybe a
little taste
first up a chocolate and prune smoothie
based on Lawrence's signature dish what
that tastes like bars chocolate yeah you
smell chocolate big a minute and then it
tastes like [ __ ] cookies cookies taste
that one again Thanks I think it's
[ __ ] horrible okay next a chicken and
banana smoothie based on the dish we
served at the Donkey Sanctuary dinner
texture in there which it's quite
springy stringy stringy texture it's a
banana and string my balls off the first
one is [ __ ] prunes and chocolate can
you taste the prawn there um well no
something in there that was you didn't
get it what I'm trying to say you've got
the best of prawns let them [ __ ]
taste of prawn don't let them taste of
prawn and chocolate this is the most
painful smoothie because it's the
chicken and banana and it's the [ __ ]
the dish
that managed to piss off the locals at
the Donkey Sanctuary smoking charitable
event what the [ __ ] were you thinking
about putting banana and chicken
together
tell me so I can help you okay it was
just using like a South American kind of
inferences in roasting chicken you
didn't [ __ ] tell me the truth about
the banana no and I'm a chef and I've
done my [ __ ] homework before I got
here and let food taste of what it
should
it's not just mixing pawns with
chocolate and chicken with banana that's
the problem it's the other 70 dishes on
Lawrence's huge menu so down
I want to replace it with a dozen dishes
but he can cook easily to stop the
tourists waiting hours for their dinner
you know trying to restrict the menu
every time I try to think about it I
think the people have asked for this
particular items and why shouldn't take
them off I did get some return customers
so I should do something right but where
are these [ __ ] then cuz I've been
here for three nights and the trottin I
don't see the [ __ ] return business
you give me the impression in such a
short period of time and known you that
I've got a young man that's playing with
these dad's money trying to [ __ ] run
a restaurant that's the impression I get
I believe doing is right
I couldn't do this [ __ ] menu on my
own where 72 dishes on there I couldn't
do it cuz you're not a [ __ ] proper
chef so if you're not a proper chef then
don't try and cook out your box and
unless that's gonna [ __ ] sink in and
stay in your mind I've got no chance
Lars is refusing to reduce his huge menu
but it's the only way I'll ever go with
a busy restaurant it's time to prove my
point for tonight's service have devised
the three-course Mediterranean menu that
will fly out the kitchen and get
customers served quickly I guess nachos
soup barbecued chicken with a warm
potato salad and a roasted caramelized
peach what's the twist
it's all [ __ ] local as it there's no
twist there tonight
customers will order from Lauren sees a
la carte menu but when he falls behind
he'll switch to mine and that will show
him how quick he can serve customers